we live today there is again
Photo of me I'll have you again
I have shown what I have been doing lately
I have not eaten now
meal so filmed daily but
every now and again if something
was exciting and my last
You can find fusari in the infobox and
then I want you a lot of fun now
today there are texts breakfast and me
have already brought a lot of things house
which you can do on top of it
yoghurts a bit from the akw
Strawberry I 've got it today
lunch filled puff pastry
your child is probably here
I recently got his video about it
made to abfuhrtag now I have
but another filling, and indeed something
hearty as it player tomato and me
I just got a bit seared with it
onions garlic salt pepper and
herbs and I have everything now
I'm just at the soup
I cook about one
Half onion fried
then I packed vegetables with water
and potatoes pure
it was about 46 as big as normal
Broke namely lidl this here
found soup greens and I could
Now everything has to be done now
About six to eight minutes
I cook with the soup greens
my packs off so and that's it
caribbean
I made myself so smart today
but it is not so good
So that's it already
third time
and unfortunately we had this sushi rice
not anymore that's why I have one
took
as you can see it falls
unfortunately, I have got it apart now
These three things in there once little
so cucumber strips and sauté
avocado and that we are still fine
I can taste it now
but soy sauce not eat
auseinanderschneiden far then the
anyway a bunch
but practice makes the master who knows
maybe it will work for x or something
this a few pieces of frozen bananas
I always have them in such a box
freezer compartment
and I do not know that is now
about a banana or something in america
always used such coal spoon
and I have recently at max
found always finds itself with and finds
then I stop with the grünenthal
I have Montis Bonn together
and second, oatmeal boots and me
believe so far more pure in any case
I need a saddlery now
but just now and care is there
Also add peanut now comes too
milk, of course I know
exactly how much time I simply print
usually always do everything
by eye
I hope you have that here
my fresh ready is given as
so a bit of forward bloggers here
In any case, he really tastes like that
I am very happy as I am
I did not know here
Sometimes I sometimes fail
if you have this check or something
You can tell me something else about power
send pictures I am always very happy
if that copes with my stuff i
Just make lunch here
once rich and here I do such a thing
he vegetable pan me back as a
finished packages found at paths
nyse mix chinese and there I have
now so different things are packed
Once there is soy sauce in it then
I first started with margarine and
I have some cashew nuts
seared
then it can be a bit peanut with it
and also tandoori masala fit and
I also have some soja in it
done and it is very fluid war
somehow never a real sauce i
have in any case already tried
and it tastes delicious but that with the
make sauces exercise that little bit looks like that
the whole number served on the
plate of glass of water and the lungs
I now have two of those
Now I probably asked
What that is I can get the recipe for it
I have that from instagram in the
infobox link and that is the stop
so
that's just from the freezer
It's tough now and it tastes good
and biscuit part yes that looks just like that
but I'll lose you that
In any case, it tasted really good
or pivot after the war, it's me
from google
I do not feel a nicer muffin
from 1 to 100 hearts and you can
just as good as dessert or as
snack food in between times
Freezer lunch is today
those spelled noodles are from
also been rossmann with this so
is also by rossmann and spinach
then I have a small salad
and I have lunch again today
done the same thing because it was me yesterday
tasted so good but this time
I still added mushrooms but
I have the result of the loss
yes only told and that of one
melody spelled mussels from 100 ml and
the sauce is this one of them
bio tomato sauce napoli and it
tasted and I'm really looking forward to it
to eat that now
I do not want to be poorer then
I still think it was great
nobly clear yes I now these parts
sauté then come with salad sauce
and so on in this tosti good one
eat
our army lohner is ill because of it
I made her a burger and
I do not show you that way and that's mine
burger I have here on the side of a
curry ketchup and then I eat good ones
tomato then roma salad then
comes the bulette and then there are
just onions and this is my burger
Minerale dinner and indeed
once here simply cooked potatoes
and then I have beans like that
sautéed with two mushrooms or something
and that it is now with this
spread baritone from zwerggenwiese me
love these spreads that taste good
easy to all good for breakfast
there is a waffle today i have this one
Two things on it once lubricated
jam and egotism and up there
are blueberries and a bit mango
and was the rest of the brand down t
I have dinner here today
I have this soup at the beginning
First onions in the pot
sautéed a bit in oil
then water came in with vegetable broth
and then I have potatoes and kohli
cooked and finished the soup is
just hold such a little nonsense and
that it has for dinner too
already two bowls for lunch from
tastes great